+++
title = " Back in Bangalore"
[taxonomies]
tags = [ "" ]
+++

6am in wet Bangalore. I made the mistake of heading straight out to town
to find everything closed. Soaked, tired and desperate for the toilet
for one of those fart-cum-shit*explosions I find a guard who tells me
shops open at 10:30, but toilets are "a restricted area" before that.

I showed restraint and eventually found an open hotel which is actually
a restaurant in India. Ah, all is well now hours later in an air
conditioned net cafe. I can almost pretend I am not in India, if it
wasn't for that Dhoom soundtrack(http://uk.imdb.com/title/tt0422091/)
playing a-fucking-gain.

The last couple of weeks I have been in the rocky ruins known as Hampi.
As my then travelling companions Bjorn and Felix(http://www.impe.de.vu/)
will tell you, we went there because of girls. Hey! It's lonely work
travelling! Hampi is tourist central like Goa and instead of catching at
the very least a STD we fell victim to colds. Bjorn had this other
problem with his anus, never mind that. 

OH It's pissing down with early monsoon rain and I really thought mother
nature was out to get me when lightning struck near one night in
Hampi...

So what now? I am trying to get to Thailand. I had in mind to goto the
crises stricken Burma/Myanmar, but evidently I would have to buy 200USD
worth of government hotel/travel vouchers, which strikes me as dear for
just passing through and exploiting a few children. Most likely now I
will travel days north to Kolkata and catch an aeroplane from the feudal
Kingdom of Bhutan. Why didn't the Chinese liberate that backward place
like they did Tibet I wonder?

**PICTURES**

A car being toed

http://pictures.natalian.org/kodak/2004/nov/18/11:07:06/512x384

Kai showing off like a prize goat in a Waqar's Pakistani village
LATAMBER!

http://pictures.natalian.org/kodak/2004/nov/16/512x384

With love,


