+++
title = " Mother Theresa"
[taxonomies]
tags = [ "" ]
+++

The train ride from Chennai to Calcutta/Kolkata/Howrah was fairly
pleasant after meeting a Bengali Garment wholesaler who was enthralled
by my Pathani dress. I also met a tough Afghani merchant and I was
feeling pretty smug pretending to be a tough Pathani. That was until
some transvestites came begging and I was simply unimpressed with their
antics. We got into a bitch fight and my cheeks got pinched! The shame.

Arriving in Calcutta is like arriving at Armageddon. Everything seemed
dark and destitute. After finding a place to stay and keeping with that
theme I met an Australian who told me about Mother Theresa's Home for
the Dying.  Yes, a morbid curiosity brewed in me and after having
feverish nightmares featuring earthquakes (survivor's guilt!?) I ended
up in Kalighat Mandir at 8am the next day. A little late due to a couple
Taxi mis-adventures, so I missed out on picking them up from the streets
and learning a bit about the city.

This is where Mother Theresa started her work, namely consoling the
untouchables who were about to die. So I did my shift on shit patrol
from 8am to noon and no one died. Assholes! That's what I did all that
morning, wipe assholes. It was quite a scene. At first I was quite
emotional, almost tearful then my sick humour came into play and I
couldn't help but laugh when I saw the size of some guys' penises
compared to their sticky legs. Many of them are simply mental and
incoherent and we just got on fine.

That whole Mother Theresa thing gave me a lot to think about, especially
after coming from the Sai Baba cult compound. It was really small and
poorly funded compared to Sai Baba, yet infinitely more famous
worldwide. Although not famous in the area for some reason, as the taxi
drivers didn't seem to know such place existed, which was explainable in
some ways as it is dwarfed by a nearby Hindu temple.

Another element which was daft was how it was originally designed just
for those to die with dignity. Now they actually apply some basic
medical treatment, although nowhere near as professional as a hospital
and these people now tend to live much longer. About the
professionalism, the place is staffed with young Christian nuts from all
over the world, of whom many did not have a clue about medicine. I found
it fairly amusing today when they were having mass for 30 minutes and I
was alone battling to relieve this choking man at the other end.

On the plus side is that there were many cute girls around and with
spirits running so high, there were instant bonds. I was meant to go
back to some girl's place, but I was dragged away to some street kid
school and after clowning around I lost her. Oh well, I'll definitely go
back tomorrow and later I'll pick up a ticket for Bangkok for 5850
rupees to leave the next day for BALI!

Happy Valentines,


